Can you help me make a Submission form for "submit vulnerability report" using bootstrap html. i will provide you with information on what to add throughout the process. only add the information i provide


add Submit Vulnerability Report as the heading with bold letters with whole html code being the font "lato" and then add "You're about to submit a report to MiQ. Provide as much information as possible about the potential issue you have discovered. The more information you provide, the quicker MiQwill be able to validate the issue." text down the heading in light grey.

now add a section numbered as 1 and titled Assets and under assets give a small text of "Select the attack surface of this issue in light grey." and then create a dropbox named select and under that add these "Select the attack surface of this issue." "ads.flipkart.com" "brands.flipkart.com" "brands.flipkart.com" and then add currently selected to view what has been selected from the dropbox

now add section 2 titled as weakness and under weakness add the text "Select the type of the potential issue you have discovered. Can't pick just one? Select the best match or submit a separate report for each distinct weakness." and under weakness add a scrollable and openly viewable dropbox and to select from drop box, add these under drop box "HTTP Response Splitting (CWE-113)
" "Server-Side Request Forgery (SSRF) (CWE-918)" "XML External Entities (XXE) (CWE-611)" "Improper Restriction of Authentication Attempts (CWE-307)" "Classic Buffer Overflow (CWE-120)" "Code Injection (CWE-94)" and add currently selected to view what has been selected from the dropbox

now add section 3 titled as Severity and under severity add the text "Estimate the severity of the issue" and under severity add 4 checkboxes side by side to select only one option and inside the check boxes put the text None, Low, Medium, High, Critical and after that add or option and then write a small heading CVSS 3.0 Calculator and below that add Sub heading "attack vector" under this add 4 checkboxes side by side and inside the check boxes put the text Network, adjacent, Local, physical. below this similarly add "attack complexity" under this add 4 checkboxes side by side and inside the check boxes put the text Low, high. and adjacent parallel to this add "user interaction" under this add 4 checkboxes side by side and inside the check boxes put the text None, required